h1. arduino monitor

Arduino monitor is monitoring application with all pin value on Arduino.

This project's source code repository is here.
* github: http://github.com/yagihiro/arduino_monitor/tree/master

h1. SYNOPSIS:

under construction...

h1. FEATURES:

under construction...

h1. REQUIREMENTS

* Arduino 0013 IDE
* Arduino Duemilanove
* ruby on rails 2.0.x or higher

h1. LICENSE:

arduino.pde, arduino_controller.rb, index.html.erb
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright (c) 2009 Hiroki Yagita

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

excanvas.js, excanvas.pack.js
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright 2006 Google Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

jquery.flot.js, jquery.flot.pack.js
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Released under the MIT license by IOLA, December 2007.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

jquery.js
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright (c) 2008 John Resig (jquery.com)
Dual licensed under the MIT (MIT-LICENSE.txt)
and GPL (GPL-LICENSE.txt) licenses.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

jquery.timer.js
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Licensed under the BSD License:
http://mattptr.net/license/license.txt
----------------------------------------------------------------------


h1. AUTHOR:

Hiroki Yagita <yagihiro@gmail.com>
* blog: http://d.hatena.ne.jp/clayfish/
